UpdatingCron Configuration Document (#9485)
magento/devdocs: src/_includes/config/setup-cron_about.md

Magento uses cron tasks that can run with different configurations. The PHP command-line configuration controls the general cron job that reindexes indexers, generates e-mails, generates the sitemap, and so on.

> {%
> include note.html
> type='warning'
> content='
> 
> *  To avoid issues during installation and upgrade, we strongly recommend you apply the same PHP settings to both the PHP command-line configuration and to the PHP web server plug-in's configuration. For more information, see [Required PHP settings]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.html).
> 
> *  In a multi-node system, crontab can run on only one node. This applies to you only if you set up more than one webnode for reasons related to performance or scalability.
> 
> '%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="bs-callout-warning" markdown="1">

*  To avoid issues during installation and upgrade, we strongly recommend you apply the same PHP settings to both the PHP command-line configuration and to the PHP web server plug-in's configuration. For more information, see [Required PHP settings]({{ page.baseurl }}/install-gde/prereq/php-settings.html).
*  In a multi-node system, crontab can run on only one node. This applies to you only if you set up more than one webnode for reasons related to performance or scalability.

</div>
```

Liquid tags cannot contain Liquid syntax, in this case, `{{ page.baseurl }}`
